# Call Management Centre System

## Information System Development Methodologies (31257)
### Team Members
* Homer Aaron Martillano (13537675)
* Hitarth Patel (12855589)
* Kevin Nguyen (Student ID)
* Yury Milenkov (Student ID)

## Case Study
A major travel company would like to develop an information system to improve the operation of their in-house call management centre (CMC). The system will adjust the call flow rate to suitable Relationship Managers (RM). Relationship Managers (RMs) perform sales of holiday packages. To provide improved call routing and dynamic call flow control for both inbound and outbound calls, the information system will provide assistance to RMs in serving their end-customers (or potential customers) and will match RMs and endcustomers according to RMs skills and customers profiles

The system operation is complicated by the varying number and nature of holiday packages offered by the travel company. One way to improve the call flow rate is to match customers based on RM performance and product knowledge. For example, in selling particular travel packages, the system would do well in matching end-customers to well informed RMs with appropriate knowledge about the destination and its traditions.

A typical RM matching technique is segmenting customers into social and cultural segments according to their postcodes and surnames. For the purpose of this assignment, assume a supporting tool to create customer profiles exists, Profiler Tool. A corresponding RM profile may depend on the age, sex, culture, language proficiency, experience and product knowledge. The system sought will be used as a skill matcher between endcustomers and RMs based on their profiles. This makes RMs more convincing to a customer and increases the chance to achieve a sale or provide a service.

RM profiles are initialized at hiring. Employees initially take a 10 minutes questionnaire which gets used to build a profile and a skill matrix. These will provide initial RM profiles for the system. The system will adjust according to RMs subsequent performance in selling packages and in serving customers effectively and efficiently.

In targeting potential buyers with outbound calls, the system dials numbers automatically according to a customer target list generated by the system. The system retrieves customers details from a database. It then displays the details and provides the RM with guidelines and a script to help in providing an improved service to the end-customer. For the outbound calls, the system will create a target list for each RM based on their skills and profile. A target list is essentially a list of tuples of the form *<potential customer, product proposed>*

For Inbound calls, customers dial a number reaching the CMC which has its own private automatic branch exchange to route the calls. A call routing and distribution routine that minimizes inbound call costs by reducing per-call handling time. A skill score is calculated based on the RM’s previous call duration and profile. A score from 1-10 based on the likelihood to purchase the product is given to a customer according to some preloaded criteria (e.g. repeat customers may have a higher score, customers from particular postcodes may have lower scores, etc..). Customers with the highest scores are served first. Their calls are directed to RMs based on skill levels and best match. The schedule of dialing end-customers and the estimated call duration vary according to a RM’s skill level and previous performance.

During busy times, inbound customers can be directed to an Interactive Voice Response unit prompting them for options, and may even ask for call reasons in a few words and then redirect the call to an Automatic Call Distributor routing the call to the first available appropriate RM. Customers may hang up when they suffer from a long wait time.
